# **Unit 1 Nine to five**

## The Integrated Course

### 1-1 Active reading 1

#### Pre-reading activity-1

> 01、How to get a job.
> 02、They may sit at home watching TV, or they may stop looking for a job.
> 03、Their parents will try to get them to look for work.
> 04、The parents' view will be given because of the way the question is asked in the second sentence. It refers to parents, not students.

#### Txet

#### Vocabulary

#### Exercise-1

> 01、C
> 02、B
> 03、A
> 04、C
> 05、C
> 06、D

#### Exercise-2

> 01、transition
> 02、slumped
> 03、proceed
> 04、recounting
> 05、detached
> 06、upcoming
> 07、revert

#### Exercise-3

> 01、comprehensive
> 02、cop
> 03、aerial
> 04、setback
> 05、healed
> 06、lounging
> 07、advocate

#### Exercise-4

> 01、fork out
> 02、turned
> 03、down
> 04、come full circle
> 05、taken a soft line
> 06、strike the right note
> 07、By all means
> 08、talk
> 09、through
> 10、goes for

#### Exercise-5

> 01、B
> 02、B
> 03、A
> 04、A
> 05、A
> 06、A
> 07、B

### 1-2 Active reading 2

#### Pre-reading activity-1

> 01、He said jobs like pulling pints in a bar were "dead-end" jobs. He meant that they go nowhere.
> 
> 02、You would take people's orders and serve drinks, snacks and light meals. You would also have to keep the bar area clean and tidy. Another part of your work might be to talk tocustomers.
> 
> 03、The hours are probably long and you may finish work very late at night. I expect a lot of it is actually rather boring.
> 
> 04、I think it is not well-paid, even if you work long hours.
> 
> 05、It is very important to be friendly and welcoming to clients, otherwise they won't want to come back again.

#### Txet

#### Vocabulary

#### Exercise-1

> 01、A
> 02、D
> 03、A
> 04、B
> 05、C
> 06、C

#### Exercise-2

> 01、Her mother had worked hard for 15 years to support her education, but couldn't afford any further support. Her father wasn't around most of the time, and he didn't have any money because he spent it on gambling on dog racing or drinking in pubs.
> 
> 02、She had a good degree in economics.
> 
> 03、She wanted to s


