# Unit 8 Have you got what it takes?

## The integrated course

### 8-1 Active reading 1 

#### Pre-reading activities-1

> 01、Yes, I think any degree from here will impress employers. I am not sure I may need some further qualifications as well.
> 02、Yes, the degree I am doing leads directly to my career target.
> 03、Yes, we have to take part in a lot of discussions, projects and presentations, and this has taught me a lot. Not really most of the work is done individually.
> 04、Yes, I have definitely gained confidence and social skills over the past few months.

#### Pre-reading activitie–2

> 01、Social skills.

#### Exercises-1

> 01、A
>  02、B
>  03、A
> 04、A
> 05、B
> 06、B
 > 07、B 

#### Exercises-2

>01、numerous
>   02、catering
>   03、option
> 04、dreaded
> 05、Employers
> 06、their personalities
> 07、shortage
> 08、entertained

#### Exercises-3 

> 01、A
> 02、B
> 03、A
> 04、A
> 05、B
> 06、B
> 07、B

#### Exercises-4

> 01、A
>  02、A
>  03、B
> 04、A
> 05、B
> 06、A
> 07、B
> 08、B
> 09、A

### 8-2 Active reading 2

#### Pre-reading activities-1

> 01、Additional ideas: go shopping for people with limited mobility do errands for people with disabilities record audio books for the visually challenged fill in forms for those who have difficulty reading and writing support homeless shelters 

#### Pre-reading activities-2

>  01、She worked for Volunteers for Peace.
>  02、The good experience was that she enjoyed making friends with her fellow volunteers. The bad experience was that she grew tired of all the waiting they had to do.
> 03、When you travel you have your own plan and you can please yourself. When you work you are paid. But when volunteering, the living conditions are pretty different. Volunteers don't have the flexibility, and sometimes even have to pay a participant fee.
> 04、She seems to have become more realistic about the ways in which many people have to live.

#### Exercises-1
>  01、C
> 02、C
> 03、B
> 04、D
>  05、D
>  06、C

#### Exercises-2

> 01、participant
> 02、dedicating
>  03、surgeries
> 04、locations
> 05、installation
>  06、cement
> 07、flexibility
> 08、variety

#### Exercises-3

> 01、A
> 02、A
 > 03、A
> 04、B
> 05、A
> 06、B

### 8-3 Language in use

#### Grammar & structure-1

> 01、hard-earned
> 02、old-fashioned
>  03、well-timed
> 04、widely-held
> 05、open-minded
> 06、well-known
> 07、specially-adapted
> 08、newly-cut

#### Grammar & structure-2

> 01、A
> 02、B
> 03、B
> 04、A
> 05、A
> 06、B
> 07、A

#### Grammar & structure-3

> 01、On Monday I went to Oxford, and on Tuesday to Milton Keynes.
> 02、Some of the volunteers were interested in medicine, and others in IT.
> 03、The first activity depended on physical strength, and the second on reason.
> 04、After the accident he was examined by a doctor, and a few days later by a psychologist.
> 05、Some people were advised to wear glasses, and others to use contact lenses.
> 06、At the beginning we were worried about making friends, and at the end about making ends meet.
> 07、My initial choice of university was based on the range of courses available, and my final decision purely on costs.

### 8-4 Reading across cultures

#### Exercises-1

> 01、40,000 dead or dying soldiers with no one to care for them.
> 02、He managed to persuade local people to help him, and organized an emergency service for the wounded soldiers.
> 03、An agreement which gives rights to prisoners in international conflicts.
> 04、It is the largest humanitarian aid organization in the world.
> 05、They have widened it now aims to protect human life and health everywhere, in peacetime and in war.
> 06、Because it is sensitive to cultural differences.

#### Exercises-2

> 01、The Red Cross Society of China has millions of members and runs numerous programmes. It assisted with the 2008 Olympics and was very busy with the Sichuan earthquake of the same year. The Red Cross Angel scheme helps sick children, and the All-Love Education Assistance programme builds primary schools and helps needy students.
> 02、Care for Children, Bridge to Asia, Junior Achievement China, AIDS Relief Fund for China, Project Hope, China Environment Protection Foundation.
> 03、Less developed places such as the north-west regions.
> 04、Less developed countries (parts of Asia, Africa and South America).
 > 05、Tourists are less likely to meet ordinary people except during service transactions such as shopping. However, tourists get to travel round and see more of a country than a volunteer, who stays in only a small part of it.

### 8-5 Guided writing

#### Writing task

>  01、World Wide Fund for Nature is a well-known organization which is concerned with the environment. It operates throughout the country and has branches in many parts of the world. Its main aim is to protect wildlife and to ensure that natural species do not become extinct. Since 2016, it has begun to work on conserving the Yangtze River. Whenever a problem is identified, such as damage to wetlands, a science-based action plan is drawn up to help. One of the most important projects in recent years has been the development of teaching materials to improve the standard of environmental education in China's schools and colleges. World Wide Fund for Nature is considered to be one of the world's most active and effective conservation organizations.

### 8-6 Unit test

> 01、cement
> 02、entertaining
> 03、solution
> 04、flexibility
> 05、shortage
>  06、location
> 07、personality
> 08、dedicated
> 09、numerous
> 10、surgery
> 11、option
> 12、frequently
> 13、dread
> 14、multinational
> 15、cooperative
> 16、participant
> 17、caters
> 18、prescription
> 19、thesis
> 20、installation
>  21、up
>  22、on
>  23、out
> 24、ahead
> 25、of
> 26、on
> 27、At
> 28、by
> 29、off
> 30、out
> 31、N
> 32、B
> 33、K
> 34、I
> 35、F
> 36、M
> 37、G
> 38、E
> 39、D
> 40、O
> 41、David Jennings is looking for a job.
> 42、Paragraph 3.
> 43、the ability to quickly achieve goals and responsibilities
> 44、My previous summer work experience ... helped me learn the importance of effective marketing strategies.
> 45、persuasive

## Further practice

### 8-7 Vocabulary

#### Exercises-1

> 01、participate
> 02、participation
> 03、assumption
> 04、entertainment
> 05、entertaining
> 06、dedication
> 07、dedicated
> 08、locate
> 09、install
> 10、dread
> 11、dreaded
> 12、guarantee
> 13、guaranteed
> 14、cooperate
> 15、cooperation
> 16、acknowledgement

#### Exercises-2

> 01、entertaining
> 02、cooperation
> 03、install
> 04、dread
> 05、locate
> 06、dedicated
> 07、participated
> 08、assumption
> 09、acknowledgement
> 10、entertained

#### Exercises-3

> 01、B
> 02、B
> 03、A
> 04、A
> 05、A
> 06、A
> 07、B
> 08、B

#### Exercises-4

> 01、B
> 02、A
> 03、B
> 04、C
> 05、D
> 06、A
> 07、C

#### Exercises-5

> 01、multinational
> 02、difference
> 03、hostel
> 04、teamwork
> 05、agency
> 06、well-organized
> 07、drawback
> 08、mattresses
> 09、saved
> 10、worthwhile

#### Exercises-6

> 01、agricultural
> 02、vital
> 03、at the last minute
> 04、numerou
> 05、in progress
>  06、expectation

#### Exercises-7

> 01、living conditions
> 02、permanent staff
> 03、global economy
> 04、side issues
> 05、natural disasters
> 06、public service
> 07、low-paid job
> 08、tough decision

#### Exercises-8 

> 01、B
> 02、B
> 03、A
> 04、A
> 05、B
> 06、B
> 07、B
> 08、B
> 09、B
> 10、A

### 8-8 Structure

#### Exercises-1

> 01、Food that has been slowly cooked often tastes much better than food cooked by faster methods.
> 02、An interesting fact is that the healthiest chocolate in the world comes from a little-known island.
> 03、Whether end-of-school exams have become easier is a much-discussed question.
> 04、It is widely recognized that there is a need for students to develop work-related skills.
> 05、Our course was held in a badly lit and badly heated hall.
> 06、The book should be bought by everyone on the course as it is easily understood and well written.
> 07、When America was a newly discovered country, it was inhabited by native peoples.

#### Exercises-2

> 01、The volunteers installed wash basins in the room, and showers two weeks later.
> 02、We plan to spend the morning practising listening skills and the afternoon speaking skills.
> 03、Thirty per cent of the students had decided to take a gap year, the rest to try and find a job straightaway.
> 04、The first thing he did was to dash off a note to his tutor, and after thinking for a few minutes, an email to him as well.
> 05、In the summer I worked as personal assistant to a senior manager, in the following winter as assistant to the company director.
> 06、Some team members relied on others to help them, others on themselves alone.

### 8-9 Reading

#### Reading 1-1

> 01、B
> 02、A
> 03、D
> 04、D

#### Reading 1-2

> 01、B
> 02、A
> 03、A
> 04、A
> 05、A
> 06、A
> 07、B
> 08、A
> 09、B
> 10、A

#### Reading 2-1

> 01、A
> 02、B
> 03、A
> 04、B
> 05、B
> 06、A
> 07、B
> 08、A
> 09、B

#### Reading 2-2

> 01、E
> 02、A
> 03、C
> 04、F
> 05、B
> 06、D
> 07、G

### 8-10 Integrated skills training

#### Exercises-1

>1. numerous
>2.  low-paid
>3. got
>4. Others
>5. contribution
>6. developing
>7. frequently
>8. so
>9. what
>10. committed

#### Exercises-2

>  01、There can be no doubt that this sort of cooperative approach can help many students develop personal skills which will help improve their prospects in their search for a job.
>  02、One of the most well-known personality tests used by employers when interviewing candidates, the Myers-Briggs Type Indicator (MBTI), puts the extrovert / introvert dichotomy at the top of the list of personality traits it tries to analyze.
>  03、There are no "right answers" in such tests, but extroverts, it is assumed, are going to be more suited to jobs in which they have to work in teams or deal with other people.
>  04、Equally interesting in the Southampton project is the conviction that students should be aware of the wider community, and find ways to make contributions to it.
>  05、In today's shrinking world, students are increasingly aware that a university is not an ivory tower of learning, cut off from the real problems of the world, but on the contrary, can itself be an agent for change for a better world.
>  06、There are numerous ways in which students can be volunteers before, during or after their degree courses.
>  07、With courses making heavy demands on students' time, as we have seen, a popular option is to take a gap year before or after university.

#### Exercises-3

> 01、人们的第一反应是大多数人都会认为自己属于后者，认为家庭、朋友或兴趣爱好是第一位的，工作处于次要位置，其主要目的是亘古不变的养家糊口。

> 02、女性认为她们喜欢工作主要是因为工作能给她们提供社交机会，男性则认为喜欢工作是因为他们能从工作中获得自豪感和成就感，考虑到我们都知道男女有别，这一有趣的差异也许是意料之中的。

> 03、花尽量多的时间去想想你可能被问到的问题必要的话作一些调查研究，然后决定如何回答这些问题。也要事先想好你该问的问题，问这些问题的目的是让面试者知道你想弄清楚这个职位是否适合你。

> 04、进入面试室的时候要扫一眼房间，与将要面试你的人交流一下眼神，并与其有力地握手，对方让你坐时再坐下。因为事先已经做了准备，你只管放松，表现正常的状态就行了；让面试者了解你，与他们交流时得像个正常人，而不是一个吓得要死的应聘者。只要做到这些，你被聘用的可能性就会大大增加。(Tips: 原文较简洁，但译文需加一些词，使意思连贯。)

#### Exercises-4

>  01、Dunant was one of the leading lights in the International Red Cross and Red Crescent Movement, and his book led to the signing of the Geneva Convention and the setting up of the first branch of the Red Cross.

> 02、Whatever its purpose, legislation should cater for various special interest groups, just as a commercially successful fashion store must meet the various needs of people from all age, ethnic and income groups.

> 03、They have turned the waste land into a forest park in which they erected a monument that is dedicated to the victims of the earthquake. The installation of seats in the park is in process, thus to provide a place to rest for visitors.

> 04、Although there is no shortage of beautiful clothes in the market, many women have trouble in buying the right clothes. The point is that there are no clothes that can fit all and most women have to try on numerous options before finding the right ones.

#### Exercises-5

>  01、历史上西方人对创业精神的研究可以追溯到17世纪后期和18世纪早期的理查德・坎蒂隆和亚当・斯密的研究成果，他们的研究成果是西方古典经济学的基础。现在，创业精神属于管理学科研究的范畴。创业精神指的是为了盈利不惜冒一切风险去开发、组织、经营生意的能力和意愿，最能体现创业精神的例子是创立新企业。创业者不给别人打工，自己经营一个小生意，为某个特定的企业、创意或售卖的商品或服务承担所有的风险，收取所有的回报。创业者通常被视为工商业领袖、新创意和新的业务流程的创新者。创业者善于发现新的商机，他们通常所展现出来的勇于冒险的心态使得他们更有可能利用这样的商机。企业家精神的特点是创新和冒险。

#### Exercises-6

 > 01、Nowadays in China, while a large number of farmers are flocking to the cities to seek jobs there, some college graduates choose to go to the countryside to start up new businesses. With what they have learned in college, they work on modern agriculture projects in either the planting or breeding industry. They bring in scientific approaches to management as well as advanced agricultural technology and facilities. These college graduates are mostly good at learning, hard-working and quick at seizing lucrative business opportunities. They are a vital force in the development of modern Chinese agriculture.




$$
\iint_{\Sigma} x^{2} d y d z+(z+2 y) d x d y=\iiint_{\Omega} d x d y d z
$$

