# Unit 7 The world at war

## The integrated course

### 7-1 Active reading 1

#### Pre-reading activities-1
> 01、He considers that the bombing was wrong, and something terrible. He thinks the bombing was unjustified.
> 02、Perhaps he thinks that it was wrong to kill so many innocent civilians and destroy entire cities to end the war. He might think that there were better ways to end the war, such as diplomacy or conventional warfare.
> 03、I think his questions will focus on the morality of the bombing perhaps he will ask whether the mayor thinks it was right or wrong. He will probably also ask about the effects that the bombing has had on Hiroshima.
> 04、If the mayor is commemorating the passing of 60 years since the bombing, he will probably talk about the effects of the atomic bomb, and how the city has recovered. Being a politician, I imagine he will present a positive attitude and celebrate the city.

#### Pre-reading activities-2
> 01、He considers that the bombing was wrong, and something terrible. He thinks the bombing was unjustified.
> 02、Perhaps he thinks that it was wrong to kill so many innocent civilians and destroy entire cities to end the war. He might think that there were better ways to end the war, such as diplomacy or conventional warfare.
> 03、I think his questions will focus on the morality of the bombing perhaps he will ask whether the mayor thinks it was right or wrong. He will probably also ask about the effects that the bombing has had on Hiroshima.
> 04、If the mayor is commemorating the passing of 60 years since the bombing, he will probably talk about the effects of the atomic bomb, and how the city has recovered. Being a politician, I imagine he will present a positive attitude and celebrate the city.

#### Exercises-1
> 01、D
> 02、E
> 03、I
> 04、H
> 05、A
> 06、F
> 07、C
> 08、G
> 09、B

#### Exercises-2
> 01、renowned
> 02、agitated
> 03、murmured
> 04、inhibited
> 05、jolted
> 06、suicide
> 07、humanity

 #### Exercises-3
> 01、assent
> 02、erected
> 03、located
> 04、shiver
> 05、demolishing

#### Exercises-4
> 01、backed away
> 02、consisted of
> 03、in advance
> 04、sink in
> 05、lived through
> 06、on the part of



### 7-2 Active reading 2Pre-reading activities
> 01、Mainly to keep a personal record of events, with comments and thoughts, but also to express oneself and reflect on people and events, ie the writing helps you to think.
> 02、About events they see or take part in, about the people around them, and their comments, feelings and thoughts on these.
> 03、The writers themselves might read a diary to recall events or write something else about them. General readers are probably either interested in the events and people described or in the personality and writing style of the writer. Often the way a diary is written tells a reader more about the writer than about the events described

#### Exercises-1
> 01、B
> 02、C
> 03、D
> 04、D
> 05、A
> 06、D

#### Exercises-2
> 01、evils
> 02、cruelty
> 03、emigrate
> 04、refugees
> 05、badges
> 06、confined
>07、survivors

#### Exercises-3
> 01、moody
> 02、considerable
> 03、concealed
> 04、publication
> 05、recognition
> 06、childish
> 07、displayed
> 08、ideals

#### Exercises-4
> 01、transit
> 02、insight
> 03、solitary
> 04、impractical
> 05、absurd
> 06、remarkable 

#### Exercises-5
> 01、B
> 02、A
> 03、A
> 04、A
> 05、B

### 7-3 Language in use

#### Grammar & structure-1
> 01、underwater
> 02、update
> 03、underestimate
> 04、uphill
> 05、underpants
> 06、upgrade
> 07、upright
> 08、Underground

#### Grammar & structure-2
> 01、The day will come when he will be able to speak fluent English.
> 02、The time will come when you'll both have to get a job.
> 03、There will come a day when you will have a chance to write about the experience.
> 04、Perhaps the day will come when I will understand.

#### Grammar & structure-3
> 01、It's very cold here. I wonder what it must be like in Scotland.
> 02、Houses are expensive in this part of the country. I wonder what they must be like in Paris.
> 03、There was little food to go around in peacetime. I wonder what it must be like during wartime.
> 04、Life is hard now. I wonder what it must be like during the Middle Ages.
Collocations
> 01、avoid damage
> 02、achieve
> 03、aim
> 04、Considerable damage
> 05、brief comment
> 06、flexible approach
> 07、address
> 08、comment

#### Translation-1
> 01、诺贝尔和平奖是瑞典实业家、发明家、军火制造商阿尔弗雷德诺贝尔设立的五个诺贝尔奖项之一，其他奖项包括诺贝尔化学奖、物理学奖、生理学或医学奖和文学奖。自1901年以来，诺贝尔和平奖每年（特例除外）都颁发给那些为促进民族团结友好、 取消或裁减常备军队以及为和平会议的组织和宣传尽到最大努力或作出最大贡献的人。诺贝尔和平奖既颁发给像马丁路德金这样的个人，也颁发给像国际红十字委员会这样的机构。每年12月10日（即诺贝尔的忌日），挪威诺贝尔奖委员会的主席在挪威国王的见证下颁发诺贝尔和平奖。

#### Translation-2
> 01、"Harmony" is one of the most cherished values in Chinese culture. Confucianism advocates the idea that "Harmony is most precious", believing that with their ethical attainments people can handle affairs properly and create harmonious social relationships. Buddhism, Taoism and Mohism, as well as Confucianism, all advocate a harmonious relationship between people and between ethnic groups. Chinese people have always given priority to a harmonious relation in dealing with people in everyday life, as they know that a harmonious human relationship and society is of vital importance to human survival and development. Today when we're constructing a harmonious society, the idea of harmony has become even more important.

### 7-4 Reading across cultures

#### Exercises-1
> 01、It's on 11 November.
> 02、It is called Veterans Day in the United States and Armistice Day in France.
>03、It begins at 11 o'clock.
>04、The war dead; those who have fallen in recent wars are also remembered on the day.
>05、The Great War is sometimes used.
>06、More than half a million Canadians fought in Europe during the war.
>07、65,000 of them lost their lives.
>08、It is a symbol of the Great War.
#### Exercises-2
> 01、Yes. The most influential and memorable is the War of Resistance against Japan, which broke out in 1937 and ended in 1945. The Chinese people, led by the Chinese Communist Party, fought for eight years and finally won the war. In fact, the War of Resistance against Japan is part of the Second World War. China contributed to the end of the war by defeating the Japanese invaders.
> 02、There are local monuments in many cities, and every year there are local commemorative events. People remember those who have fallen in war as part of the Qingming Festival and during V-Day (Victory Day of the War of Resistance against Japan) commemorations.
> 03、Examples of poetry: The Ballad of Mulan(《木兰辞》) is the story of Hua Mulan, who took the place of her father and went into battle and fought for many years; the emperor rewarded her as a soldier, and then she went back home to wear women's clothes once more. Du Fu wrote a number of poems about war, such asBallad of the Army Carts( 《兵车行》) andThe Shihao Officers(《石壕吏》). His lines show how war affected people's lives. Ai Qing wrote a number of war poems, includingSnow Falls on Chinas Land(《雪落在中国的土地上》) andHe Dies a Second Time(《他死在第二次》). Examples of novels: Outlaws of the Marsh, also calledWater Margin(《水浒传》), by Shi Nai'an, tells how 108 outlaws in the reign of Emperor Hui Zong of the Song Dynasty fought brave and resourceful battles against tyrants. Romance of the Three Kingdoms(《三国演义》) by Luo Guanzhong, is a historical novel. It gives a lot of time and space to action on the battlefield, eg the battle of Red Cliff, and has been made into a TV series. (Tips: The above works are widely translated and more or less known in the West, but there is one Chinese work about war which is better known than any of these: Sun Tzu'sThe Art of War[《孙子兵法》], which is widely quoted and read by those interested in strategies of leadership, management, business and the study of power.)
> 04、Yes. I have read some first-hand accounts of war. They are mostly by generals who recall the wars they served in, like the War of Resistance against Japan and the Liberation of China. No, I haven't read any first-hand accounts of war by Chinese writers. However, I do know some foreign writers who wrote accounts of war in China. The most widely known isRed Star Over China(《红星照耀中国》) by Edgar Snow. The book is a classic Western account of the American writer's interviews and experiences with Chinese Communist leaders and the early days of the People's Army in wartime. Another foreign writer who wrote about war in China is Israel Epstein, who described his experiences of China's ups and downs during his many years here, including visits to the front line in the war years. The two writers both knew China well, and both wrote a number of books in English about China. I suppose they would show us what foreignborn writers think English readers should know.
7-5 Guided writing

#### Writing task-1
> 01、A
> 02、B

#### Writing task-2
> 01、G

#### Writing task-3
> 01、F
> 02、E
> 03、B
> 04、D
> 05、C
> 06、A

#### Writing task-4
> 01、2
> 02、3
> 03、3
> 04、2
> 05、2
> 06、1
> 07、1
> 08、1
> 09、1
> 10、1
> 11、2
> 12、1
> 13、1

#### Writing task-5
> 01、Remembering our friends who died in the earthquake, Sichuan 2008 It is morning, not too early, but there is still a chill in the Sichuan mountain air. There is some light rain, not too much, just enough to mix with the tears running down our cheeks. All of us are here on the sports field with our teachers and other school staff and many parents so many ... We stand straight, our saddened eyes gazing forward. Everyone is here. Everyone, that is, except those of us who were buried the day the earth moved. Their empty places are marked by bunches of white flowers. Our class monitor begins to speak. Her voice is clear as she utters the words we don't want to hear. We were there; we know what it was like. We want to bury those words, unheard. But we must hear, to face our fear, and calm our souls. Inside, we are shaking. Her voice trembles. Our wet eyelashes tremble. A slight puff of wind takes a white petal from a fallen flower; it rises and floats to the class monitor. She continues to speak and stretches out her hand. We see the white petal settle in her palm as she calls the names of the dead. As she finishes, the petal drops gently to the ground. The memory of our fallen friends remains. It will stay forever in our hearts.

### 7-6 Unit test

#### 选词填空-填单词20题

> 1) heinous      
> 2) recognition     
> 3) assent     
> 4) considerable     
> 5) humanity     
> 6) invaded     
> 7) cautiously     
> 8) displayed     
> 9) renown      
> 10) childish      
> 11) conceal      
> 12) agitating      
> 13) foundation      
> 14) earthly      
> 15) declaration      
> 16) ideal      
>17) demolished     
>18) reverie      
> 19) survivor      
> 20) refugees    

#### 单词填空10题
> 21) into
> 22) at
> 23) into
> 24) of
> 25) across
> 26) out of
> 27) to
> 28) in
> 29) in
> 30) for

#### 选词填空（15选10）10题
> 31) optimism
> 32) evil     
> 33) cruelty      
> 34) bloodshed     
> 35) reveal      
> 36) respectful     
> 37) commander      
> 38) roughly     
> 39) fate      
> 40) insane   

#### 仔细阅读5题
> 41) B.personal memoir     
> 42) D.emotional and enlightening    
> 43) B.  Those who forget the past are doomed to repeat it.   
> 44) B . Important historical sites should be preserved as museums for future generations.    
> 45) C.Paragraph 4.     

## Further practice

### 7-7 Vocabulary

#### Exercises-1
> 01、demolish
> 02、symbol
> 03、cruelty
> 04、principle
> 05、occupy
> 06、tranquility
> 07、starvation

#### Exercises-2
> 01、invaded
> 02、occupied
> 03、cruelty
> 04、principles
> 05、bloodshed
> 06、starvation
> 07、demolished
> 08、symbol
> 09、tranquility

#### Exercises-3
> 01、in
> 02、from
> 03、in
> 04、of
> 05、in
> 06、for
> 07、of
> 08、to
> 09、for
> 10、to
> 11、to
> 12、with

#### Exercises-4
> 01、B
> 02、A
> 03、B
> 04、A
> 05、D
> 06、C
> 07、A
> 08、C

#### Exercises-5
> 01、state of poverty
> 02、declaration of rights
> 03、badge of shame
> 04、symbol of Israel
> 05、pot of yoghurt
> 06、sign of injury
> 07、suffering of millions
> 08、point of impact

#### Exercises-6
> 01、self-employed
> 02、self-destructive
> 03、self-confidence
> 04、self-controlled
> 05、self-awareness
> 06、self-disciplined

#### Exercises-7
> 01、in no time
> 02、in my own time
> 03、it was only a matter of time before
> 04、ahead of time
> 05、for weeks at a time
> 06、about time
> 07、at all times
> 08、at the time
> 09、at the same time

#### Exercises-8
> 01、caused
> 02、damage
> 03、made
> 04、comment
> 05、earned
> 06、respect
> 07、abandon
> 08、belief
> 09、fierce
> 10、anger
> 11、expressed
> 12、wish
> 13、achieve
> 14、aim
> 15、flexible
> 16、approach

### 7-8 Structure

#### Exercises-1
> 01、If the roads to the coast are so busy at this time of year, what must it be like in August?
> 02、If it's so difficult to see now, what must it be like in four hours' time?
> 03、If the refugees were treated so badly in this camp, what must it have been like in other camps where conditions were far worse?
> 04、If people in the region are so poor now, what must it have been like 100 years ago?
> 05、If the fighting was so fierce when it was almost dark, what must it have been like earlier in the day?

#### Exercises-2
> 01、The day will come when I will visit the concentration camp at Auschwitz to see for myself what took place there.
> 02、Do you think the day will come when there will be as many women in the army as men
> 03、The scientist said the time would come when guns would be seen as primitive weapons.
> 04、He was an idealist and sincerely believed that the day would come when there would be no more poverty.
> 05、Do you believe that the time will come when there will ever be a long period without war somewhere in the world?

### 7-9 Reading

#### Reading 1-1
> 01、B
> 02、A
> 03、B
> 04、B
> 05、B
> 06、B
> 07、A
> 08、A 

#### Reading 1-2
> 01、B
> 02、A
> 03、A
> 04、A
> 05、A
> 06、B
> 07、A
> 08、A
> 09、B
10、B

#### Reading 2-1
> 01、B
> 02、D
> 03、C
> 04、B

#### Reading 2-2
> 01、F
> 02、E
> 03、I
> 04、B
> 05、H
> 06、C
> 07、D
> 08、A
> 09、G

### 7-10 Integrated skills training

#### Exercises-1
> 01、regarded
> 02、heroic
> 03、honour
> 04、realistic
> 05、bloodshed
> 06、civilized
> 07、conceal
> 08、win
> 09、qualities
> 10、otherwise

#### Exercises-2
> 01、Otto Frank was the only member of the Frank family to survive the Nazi concentration camp, returning to Amsterdam after the war ended.
> 02、A friend found papers left in the family's annexe where they had hidden, and to Otto's astonishment he discovered his daughter had written a diary.
> 03、Anne started writing a diary in the red and white book she was given on her 13th birthday, only weeks before going into hiding.
> 04、The daughter he knew as a delightful but sometimes moody teenager revealed herself to be a talented writer, capable of expressing the hopes and fears of the millions of Jews threatened by the horror of the Nazi regime.
> 05、The diary, first published in Germany in 1947, was eventually translated into 50 languages and is seen today as one of the most moving descriptions of the suffering of the Jews in the Second World War.

#### Exercises-3
> 01、Despite being famous for its oysters, Hiroshima is better known for the atomic bomb.
> 02、Not only did many people suffer severe burns and illness, but they also encounter prejudice from others.
> 03、What surprised the writer was that no one wanted to talk about the bomb.
> 04、It was only when he talked to some survivors that he understood the reason for talking about oysters.
> 05、As a result of the prejudice they encountered, some people committed suicide.
> 06、None of the questions I had prepared were asked because they seemed inappropriate.

#### Exercises-4
> 01、从1942年到1945年他是德国的战俘。在关押期间，他详细记录了自己的生活，记下了他读过的411本书的书名，记录了他在战俘营的留声机里放的每一首音乐和他收到的每一封信。（Tips: noting 后的细节是对 a detailed record 的解释。）
> 02、埃里克・道林负责伪造身份证，在便于隐藏的手绢上画地图。虽然他没有参加逃亡因为逃跑人员名单是由大伙儿抽签决定的，他也是挖掘队的队员，还为自己赢得了一个绰号，叫挖掘者道林。（Tips: 后一句须按中文顺序重新组织译文，必要时可加减标点符号。）
> 03、各国政府一直是用密码来传递绝密情报的，但是在战时，因为这种情报涉及到军事计划，至关重要的一点是绝不能让敌方破译密码。
> 04、到了1940年，他们在破译密码方面有了一些成功，随即涌入的大量的情报使他们了解到德国计划入侵丹麦和挪威的每一个细节。遗憾的是，即使英国政府现在能及时掌握德国的入侵计划，他们也不能时时根据情报采取行动，免得让德国人意识到他们的密码已被破译。

#### Exercises-5
> 01、Although they left in advance, they were still caught in the rain. Gusts of cold wind sent shivers to their whole bodies.
> 02、We went to the hospital to visit people injured in the earthquake and see what we could do for them. We saw stretchers and wheelchairs line the walls of the corridors. When we entered the ward, the sight of those weak and helpless wounded people made us realize that we had a lot to do.
> 03、The police stormed into the place and tried to arrest all those who were involved in the cricket-fighting gambling. But three of the gamblers escaped by hiding behind the curtain and slipping out of the room.
> 04、The park is located in the center of the city, not far from their home, visible from their child's bedroom window. When they are free, the family will take a walk in the park or do exercise together.

#### Exercises-6
> 01、联合国维和部队是被派到武装冲突地区维护和重建和平的队伍。维和这个概念是在1956年埃及苏伊士运河危机中诞生的，当时在一次联合国的会议上，加拿大外交官莱斯特・皮尔森提出了建立一支以佩戴蓝盔为标志的维和部队。联合国领导的维和部队是在自愿的基础上由各成员国委派的人员组成的。维和行动队分两种：非武装的观察团和携带轻武器的军队。观察团负责为联合国收集情报，报告一个地区的实际安全状况。军队则接受委托执行扩展任务，如让冲突双方保持距离，维持地方的秩序。多年来，联合国维和部队在降低冲突级别和创造有利于持久和平的条件等方面发挥了重要作用。1988年，联合国维和部队被授予诺贝尔和平奖。

#### Exercises-7
> 01、China's top legislature has ratified two new national memorial days, 3 September to mark victory in the war against Japanese aggression and 13 December to commemorate victims of the Nanjing Massacre. The Nanjing Massacre was one of the three major massacres during the Second World War. It was an atrocious crime against humanity and a dark page in human history. The establishment of the memorial days is not intended to arouse hatred but to let people keep firmly in mind the harm caused to the Chinese people. It also conveys China's stance against aggression, to safeguard human dignity and preserve world peace.





