# Unit 5 Time off



## The integrated course

### 5-1 Active reading 1

#### Pre-reading activities-1

>01.Leisure time.
02.Humorous, informal.
03.In a magazine

#### Pre-reading activities-2

>01.a leisure inactivity It seems to be something you do in your leisure time which involves as little energy as possible, eg sleeping or being a couch potato.
02.a mouse potato If one thinks of a computer mouse, the phrase becomes easy to understand: one who is always in front of the computer.
03.telly belly The nicely rhyming telly belly refers to the result of being a television addict: a large stomach.
04.mouse miles It is the most puzzling out of context, but can be worked out to refer to the miles of mouse movements a mouse potato's mouse might have to travel.
05.a couch potato A couch potato is someone who doesn't like doing sports but is active in other ways.

#### Exercises-1

>01.C
02.A
03.D
04.B
 05.C

#### Exercises-2
>01、fulfilled
02、leisure
03、inherent
04、interaction
05、virtual
06、peculiar
07、insult

#### Exercises-3


>01、span
02、addicted
03、chill
04、evolved
05、evolving
06、extensive
07、fashionable
08、involves

#### Exercises-4


>01、B
02、A
03、B
04、A

### 5-2 Active reading 2

#### Pre-reading activities-1

>01、No, it is his pastime.
02、Yes, as he writes about it and is shown doing it.
03、Unclear if we are right, he thinks it is important. He might advise other people to take up painting, but he might also be saying how difficult it is.
Pre-reading activities-2

>01、C
02、A
03、D
04、E
05、B
#### Exercises-1

>01、C
02、A
03、D
04、C
05、D
06、B
#### Exercises-2

>01、No, it explains how we lead different types of lives and have different leisure needs, so general recommendations cannot be made.
02、No, it is useless to argue with the mind.
03、No, your hobby must suit you. Hobbies which do not suit you may cause harm instead of benefit.
04、As we need our pastimes to be unlike our daily lives, it is implied that people who lead dull lives will need excitement, but such people are not to be confused with people who are bored because they have too much. Excitement only adds to their excess.
05、Those who love their work.
#### Exercises-3

>01、grip
02、manual
03、additional
04、pastime
05、compensation
06、aggravate
07、trifling
08、enforced
09、rational
#### Exercises-4

>01、tired out
02、let it go
03、to death
04、at hand
05、lay our hands on
06、in vain
#### Exercises-5

>01、B
02、A
03、A
04、A
05、B
06、A
07、B
08、B
09、B
### 5-3 Language in use

#### Grammar & structure-1

>01、The more hobbies you have, the less likely you are to worry.
02、The longer you work, the more you earn.
03、The more people work, the less free time they have.
04、The more leisure inactivities have developed, the less interaction they have.
05、The more you change the channel, the less chance you have of becoming interested.
06、The more time you spend in front of the computer screen, the less interest you have in the outside world.
07、The less effort you make, the better a couch potato you will be.
#### Grammar & structure-2

>01、Winston Churchill was a British Prime Minister and a Nobel Prize winner. He was more famous for the former.
02、There are people who keep work separate from their pleasure, and people whose work is their pleasure. The latter are less common.
03、Cricket and football give you the impression of doing something useful. The former is more peculiar as a sport.
04、You need somewhere comfortable to sit and the remote control. The latter is more important.
05、The couch potato and the mouse potato enjoy leisure inactivity. The latter has less interest in the outside world.
06、Mouse potatoes travel the world online or participate in chat rooms. The former are more adventurous.
#### Collocations

>01、inherent danger
02、enforce
03、policy
04、poses
05、threat
06、fulfil
07、role
08、rational analysis
#### Translation-1

>01、游乐园是集娱乐景点、游乐设施和其他娱乐活动为一体、供大众游玩的娱乐场所。游乐园是从过去三种传统的游乐场所发展而来的：欧洲的定期集市、欢乐花园和世界博览会。在日常用语中，人们通常会把主题公园和游乐园当作同义词。但是，主题公园可以被看作是独具一格的游乐园。主题公园有美化的景观，有建筑，有基于一个或多个特定的主题或故事而设置的景点。游乐园行业既包括像迪斯尼乐园、奥兰多海洋世界和好莱坞环球影城这样的大型全球主题公园，也包括像六旗乐园和雪松会公园这样小一些和中等规模的主题公园。迪士尼乐园的奇幻王国是全世界参观人数最多的主题公园，公园的标志性建筑灰姑娘城堡也是美国最著名的拍照景点之一。

#### Translation-2
>01、Since 2008, with the implementation of the free admissions policy, Chinese museums have had more than 20,000 exhibitions, which have attracted over 600 million visitors each year. Museums are not only places to display collections, but also sites with educational, entertainment and recreational functions. For Chinese people, visiting museums has become an important means of enjoying their leisure time. On weekends and holidays, parents take their children to various kinds of museums. While visiting a place, apart from eating amazing local food and enjoying beautiful scenery, tourists may also visit local museums to learn more about its history and culture.

### 5-4 Reading across cultures

#### Exercises-1

>01、Reading.
02、Over 80 per cent.
03、Fishing, stamp collecting, train spotting, bird-watching, walking, sports, pets, flower-arranging, knitting, pigeon-fancying.
04、Reading about their hobbies.
05、People simply love them.
06、In newspapers, on the radio and on television.
07、Because of the newspaper's crossword puzzle.
08、A little
#### Exercises-2

>01、Various things: family, spouse, pets, their own room, friends, foods etc.
02、Reading may be as popular, but not word games.
03、Sports, movie-going, concert-going etc.
04、There are some in newspapers, but not on broadcast media.
05、Maybe for the classified advertisements.
5-5 Guided writing

#### Writing task-1

>01、B
02、B
03、D
04、A
05、C
#### Writing task-2 

 >01、There are many ways in which the Chinese fill their free time. It's undoubtedly true that many Chinese people enjoy physical exercise, such as jogging, t'ai chi, table tennis and swimming. Approximately 50 per cent of Chinese spend about half an hour a day doing one or another of these. The next most popular activities probably include badminton, football, dancing and acrobatics. In addition to these sporting pastimes, many people enjoy reading and surfing the Internet. Others keep pets or listen to music of many different styles. Most people work long hours, but they usually find time after work or at the weekend to enjoy a change and gain some relaxation. You must take your mind off work and concentrate on what you are doing at that moment to get the most from the physical and mental exercise.

### 5-6 Unit test

>01、diversion
02、inherent
03、additional
04、interaction
05、manual
06、excessive
07、leisure
08、outlook
09、excitement
10、peculiar
11、adventurous
12、badly
13、futile
14、removal
15、insult
16、grip
17、aggravates
18、extensive
19、virtual
20、compensation
21、down
22、in
23、up
24、of
25、of
26、for
27、at
28、on
29、out
30、from
31、N
32、K
33、M
34、C
35、I
36、E
37、L
38、H
39、G
40、A
41、Music is a leisure activity found around the world.
42、Most people in London are unfamiliar with Asian music.
43、Paragraph 4.
44、One of the most different, yet nonetheless beautiful, styles of music is found in Mongolia.
45、presenting information




## Further practice


### 5-7 Vocabulary

#### Exercises-1
>01、unfamiliar
02、inactivity
03、pointless
04、irrational
05、unadventurous
06、unconnected
07、understandable
08、indirect
09、excitement
10、removal
#### Exercises-2

>01、aircraft spotting
02、bird-watching
03、film-making
04、flower arranging
05、horse-riding
06、ice-skating
07、jewellery making
08、model building
#### Exercises-3

>01、jewellery making
02、Aircraft spotting
03、ice-skating
04、Bird-watching
05、model building
06、film-making
07、flower arranging
#### Exercises-4

>01、categories
02、achieve
03、means
04、the former
05、the latter
06、chill
07、more than happy
08、fulfilled
09、leisure
10、saying
#### Exercises-5

>01、the chance of winning a ten thousand pounds prize
02、it's no use ringing her home number
03、the means of contacting people instantly
04、the chance of showing them at an art gallery
05、it's no use trying to explain them
#### Exercises-6

>01、A
02、B
03、A
04、B
05、B
06、A
07、A
08、A
#### Exercises-7

>01、enforced a new policy
02、an inherent tendency
03、poses a threat
04、fulfils an important role
05、rational analyses
06、taken up a new hobby
### 5-8 Structure

#### Exercises-1

>01、The more television you watch, the less likely you are to read.
02、The more he told me about his hobby, the more bored I became.
03、The more crossword puzzles I do, the easier I find them.
04、The more interests you develop, the more interesting you become.
05、The more time I spend working, the less I enjoy it.
06、The more difficult something is, the harder I try.
#### Exercises-2

>01、It may well be that busy people find being a couch potato for an hour or two a day is quite good for them.
02、It may well be that bird-watchers are gentler and less aggressive than other people.
03、It may well be that not taking a holiday is a sign that someone is overworked.
04、It may well be that going on a weekend painting course is just what you need.
05、It may well be that those who are always busy are happier than those with few responsibilities.
#### Exercises-3

>01、The former
02、The latter
03、The latter
04、the former
05、The former
06、The latter
07、the latter
08、the former
09、the latter
10、the former
### 5-9 Reading

#### Reading 1-1

>01、D
02、A
03、C
04、B
05、C
#### Reading 1-2

>01、B
02、F
03、I
04、E
05、A
06、D
07、J
08、G
09、C
10、H
#### Reading 2-1

>01、the Civil War
02、he looks dazed
03、exhilarating and terrifying
04、living histories and important battles
05、are dramatic and large-scale
06、very different
07、near 100 per cent accuracy
08、he was to be killed
#### Reading 2-2

>01、C
02、F
03、B
04、H
05、D
06、E
07、A
08、G


### 5-10 Integrated skills training

#### Exercises-1

>01、sin
02、such
03、activity
04、experiments
05、healthier
06、goal
07、provided
08、inactivity
09、risking
10、take
#### Exercises-2

>01、However busy you are, it's always possible to find time for an interesting hobby.
02、No sooner had I completed the crossword puzzle in one paper than I started one in another paper.
03、The day will come when it seems incredibly easy although you're finding it very difficult at present.
04、We had our computer repaired by a friend who repairs computers in his spare time.
05、There is no escaping the fact that couch potatoes are likely to be more unfit than other people.
06、Knowing that I had won the first game, I felt pretty confident about winning the second one.
#### Exercises-3

>01、The reason people enjoy online gaming is that it's stimulating and has a strong competitive element, however, you need to avoid spending too much time online since it's a very addictive pastime.
02、Feeling tired out after a hard day's work, I collapsed on the sofa next to my girlfriend, who, unlike me, had spent most of the day watching telly and eating huge amounts of fattening crisps.
03、It may well be that people who work indoors should take up a sport involving vigorous exercise, whereas people working outdoors all day should do a physically undemanding, indoor activity.
04、Playing a musical instrument is an enjoyable hobby you can do in your own time without involving anyone else, however, to make progress you will need lessons or you could use a good self-instruction book.
#### Exercises-4

>01、几年前我疯狂地爱上了托尼。他所谓的享受就是走向荒野，越原始越好；我认定的幸福就是一双红色的吉米・周高跟鞋和一张纽约时装表演的门票，所以我们俩的相爱绝对属于异性相吸。
02、我大声尖叫声音比警笛还响，然后瘫倒在地上，抓住托尼的腿不放。他身子摇晃了一下但没有摔倒，他开始大声唱歌。他采用的是人们推荐的方法，即让熊知道你是人，不是他爱吃的东西。（Tips: 同位语 the recommended method 不太好译。可以另起一句，说明这是一种什么方法。）
03、史蒂夫还是一脸的茫然，显然还没有从刚才的经历中回过神来。他还穿着南北战争的制服，那制服破了几处，都是泥。作为优秀的骑兵，他两次被要求向敌人发起进攻，与另外两名骑兵展开贴身肉搏，最后被捅死在马鞍上。（Tips: 把原文的从句和复合句拆分，用简洁连贯的汉语表达同样的意思。）
04、重演历史协会特别热衷的历史时期包括第二次世界大战、美国独立战争以及美国南北战争，重演的范围包括现实的历史和重要战役。前一项活动的目的是逼真地再现某个历史时期的生活和人们的生活方式，以大众娱乐的方式出现；人们参加后一项活动是因为他们着迷于这些事件的戏剧性和规模。
#### Exercises-5

>01、When you take an active part in extracurricular activities and do some volunteer work, the knowledge you learn is probably unconnected with your daily study.
02、He does not usually bring his music book to the concert. As a gifted jazz musician, he knows all the notes of his music. He sometimes even improvises, which makes the audience scream with great excitement.
03、His "muffin top" results from years of lying on the sofa watching TV and eating all kinds of snacks. It is pointless to tell him to stop doing that, as he sees his big belly as a mark of enjoyment and happiness.
04、I demand the removal of junk food from my menu. I prefer less meat and more fresh fruit and vegetables and I will never exchange them for French fries, although potato is also a vegetable and is inherently healthy.
#### Exercises-6

>01、好莱坞是著名的美国电影产业的发源地，每年吸引世界各地大量的游客来此参观。在这个地方，他们做梦都没有想到能如此近距离地接触到好莱坞的大明星。在好莱坞林荫大道上人们可以看到好莱坞高地中心、杜比剧院、好莱坞星光大道（人行道上镶有星型奖章）和TCL中国戏院（戏院门口水泥地上留有明星的手、脚印）。杜比剧院是奥斯卡颁奖礼的举办场所。好莱坞的星光大道建于1958年，为的是向艺术家和其他对娱乐业做出杰出贡献的人致敬。如果有人想看电影的拍摄过程，可以去参观某个摄影棚。坐落在李山的好莱坞标志牌是一个地标性的、代表美国文化的符号，它俯瞰洛杉矶的好莱坞，在洛杉矶城很多地方都能看见。

#### Exercises-7

>01、China is the home of tea. When Chinese people drink tea, they focus on "tasting". People sip tea not only to define the quality, but also to cultivate their taste and appreciate tea-drinking itself. Some people take time out of their busy schedule to brew a nice pot of tea and taste it alone in a quiet and elegant place, which helps to elevate their spirits as well as refresh their minds and eliminate fatigue. Some prefer to meet their friends in a tea house, where they chat over a cup of tea. Some even learn the right way of making tea in a tea house so that they can better enjoy tea.







