
# Unit 1 College culture

## The integrated course

### 1-1 Active reading 1

#### Pre-reading activities

>1. C

#### Exercises-1
>1. B 
>2. A 
>3. A 
>4. A 
>5. B
>6. A 
>7. A 
>8. B 
>9. B 
>10. A 
>11. B 
>12. A

#### Exercises-2
>1. campus
>2. protests
>3. establishment
>4. prospects
>5. employment
>6. launch
>7. opportunity

#### Exercises-3
>1. clashes
>2. alliance
>3. liberal
>4. governor
>5. economy
>6. characterized by
>7. liberating experience

#### Exercises-4
>1. gave rise to
>2. keep
>3. off
>4. was brought about
>5. dropping out
>6. set up
>7. was brought to its knees

#### Exercises-5
>1. B 
>2. A 
>3. B 
>4. B 
>5. B 
>6. B  
>7. A
> 8. A 
> 9. B

### 1-2 Active reading 2

#### Pre-reading activities
>1. 此题为英语问卷调查，任何答案都是正确的

#### Exercises-1
>1. C
>2. A
>3. D
>4. B
>5. D
>6. C

#### Exercises-2
>1. rebel
>2. assert
>3. era
>4. Industrial
>5. philosophy
>6. gender
>7. destruction

#### Exercises-3
>1. majored in
>2. make sense
>3. stand for
>4. asserted ourselves
>5. is associated with

#### Exercises-4
>1. A
>2. A
>3. A
>4. A
>5. B
>6. A
>7. A
>8. B

### 1-3 Language in use

#### Grammar & structure-1
>1. government
>2. Postmodernism
>3. evelopment
>4. individualism
>5. agreement
>6. investment
>7. romanticism
>8. post-war

#### Grammar & structure-2
>1. Starting out at college means meeting lots of interesting people.
>2. Going to bed too late means not being able to concentrate the next day.
>3. Doing a course in Literary Theory means spending a lot of time on difficult subjects.
>4.  Being interested in literature means having an open mind about other ways of life.
>5. Going to college today means spending a lot of time thinking about what you will do afterwards.

#### Collocations
>1. peaceful protests
>2. caused
>3. frustration
>4. critical factor
>5. golden opportunity
>6. close alliance
>7. complete destruction
>8. complete destruction

#### Translation-1
>1. 篮球运动是一个名叫詹姆斯•奈史密斯的体育老师发明的。1891年冬天，他接到一个任务，要求他发明一种运动，让田径运动员既保持良好的身体状态，又能不受伤害。篮球在大学校园里很快流行起来。20世纪40年代，职业联赛开始之后，美国职业篮球联赛一直从大学毕业生里招募球员。这样做对美国职业篮球联赛和大学双方都有好处：大学留住了可能转向职业篮球赛的学生，而美国职业篮球联赛无需花钱组建一个小职业篮球联盟。大学篮球在全国的普遍推广以及美国大学体育协会对"疯狂三月"（即美国大学体育协会甲级联赛男篮锦标赛）的市场推广，使得这项大学体育赛事一直在蓬勃发展。

#### Translation-2
>1. Volunteering has now become the norm for college students in China. The volunteers may provide community services for senior citizens, support students in mountain areas in education, organize fundraising activities to help those in need, or work for major international projects such as the World Expo and the Olympic Games. Doing volunteer work is a useful way for students to enhance their professional skills and social experience as well as promoting their moral development. The majority of college students believe that it is their duty and obligation to participate in volunteer activities. They hope that they can do something meaningful and promote the development of social harmony.



### 1-4 Reading across cultures


>1. The University of Bologna is about 900 years old.
>2. Students paid the lecturers for their work.
>3. Five students were the minimum number needed to attend a lecture.
>4. The lecturer was declared absent and given a fixed fine.
>5. There were a number of other reasons for a lecturer to be punished. These included: if lecturers failed to meet the standards set out in the university statutes; if they started lectures a minute late or if they went on beyond the approved time; if they failed to cover the syllabus according to an agreed timetable; and if they passed over a difficult subject or failed to emphasize each part of a difficult syllabus.
>6. Four students were elected as spies.
>7. They were obliged to report irregularities such as bad lecturing technique, failure to cover the syllabus, or absence without leave.
>8. Students lost their power over lecturers by 1350 because the payment system was changed. Lecturers were appointed and paid by the local town council.

#### Exercises-2
>1. It's hard to name or single out the oldest university in China, but the oldest universities in the modern sense include St. John’s University (圣约翰大学) established in Shanghai in 1879, the University of Nanking (金陵大学) in 1888, Beiyang University (北洋大学) in Tianjin in 1895, Peking University in 1898 and Tsinghua University in 1911.
>2. I believe the relationship was not like the one at Bologna, because traditional Chinese teaching emphasized having respect for teachers for their knowledge, skills and morality. At the same time, teachers had a duty to care for students academically, socially and personally, so the relationship was reciprocal.
>3. I guess there are different kinds of student-teacher relationships: Some are more traditional and formal (we are sometimes in fear of these teachers); others are more informal (teachers may attend students' parties and visit students' dormitories). Both kinds of teachers care for their students, but in different ways.    The student-teacher relationship in my university is one that combines the two: We respect our teachers and our teachers care for us students. It is a harmonious relationship.
>4. My parents pay for my education and the government pays our teachers.    I have to get a loan from the bank to pay for my living expenses. I got a government grant for my fees, because I come from a poor area.
>5. No, we have a lot more pressures, eg the extra exams for English and information and communication technology (computers) in addition to our course exams. We also worry about how to get a job after graduation. The competition is tough.    Yes, in some ways, it is easier, because we have got much better facilities for learning, eg the Internet, e-books and e-journals, a better library and an improved system of opening hours

 ### 1-5 Guided writing

>1. My university dates from 1931 as a provincial education college. It became a state teachers' college in 1944, with its main focus on training teachers. It trained many teachers from all over the province, because the country needed teachers to offer education to both children and adult learners.   The most interesting thing about my university is that the founder of China's geomechanics Prof. Li Siguang (李四光 1889—1971) was the person who persuaded the authorities to change the university from an education college to a teacher training college, even though he did not have an official position at the university. At that time, my university only had a few departments with limited resources. Later, after 1949, the university expanded with its graduates working in different professions, although its main focus was still to train teachers.   Today my university is one of the key comprehensive universities, offering courses from undergraduate to doctoral degrees to over 18,000 students, producing qualified teachers as well as engineers, lawyers, scientists, mathematicians, economists and management professionals.

### 1-6 Unit test

####  Unit test

>01、alliance
>02、demonstration
>03、rebel
>04、cynic
>05、governor
>06、inspirational
>07、prospects
>08、launch
>09、era
>10、destruction
>11、protest
>12、economy
>13、petition
>14、opportunity
>15、employment
>16、obscure
>17、philosophy
>18、assert
>19、frustration
>20、industrial
>21、to
>22、for
>23、on
>24、up
>25、of
>26、with
>27、off
>28、out
>29、about
>30、to
>31、B
>32、I
>33、G
>34、J
>35、K
>36、D
>37、E
>38、C
>39、L
>40、H
>41、The American invasion of Cambodia.
>42、the Ohio governor ordered them there
>43、National Guard soldiers killed four students.
>44、expository
>45、Passionate.

## Further practice

### 1-7 Vocabulary

#### Exercises-1
>1. assertion
>2. assertive
>3. employee
>4. employable
>5. destruction
>6. destructive
>7. requirement
>8. required
>9. ally
>10. ally
>11. allied
>12. characterization
>13. characteristic
>14. rebellion
>15. rebellious
>16. clash
>17. descend
>18. descent
>19. define
>20. definable
>21. resign
>22. resigned
>23. creativity
>24. creative

#### Exercises-2
>1. characteristics
>2. rebellion
>3. assertive
>4. clash
>5. define
>6. allies
>7. descended
>8. employable
>9. required
>10. rebellious
>11. creative

#### Exercises-3
>1. into
>2. on
>3. against
>4. from
>5. on
>6. about
>7. against
>8. from

#### Exercises-4
>1. smoke
>2. importance
>3. commitment
>4. a fine
>5. a petition
>6. revolution
>7. reasons
>8. clash

#### Exercises-5
>1. haze of smoke
>2. sign a petition
>3. national importance
>4. a violent clash
>5. a variety of reasons
>6. technological revolution
>7. passionate commitment
>8. pay a fine

#### Exercises-6
>1. rebelled
>2. leaders
>3. issues
>4. demonstrations
>5. liberals
>6. required
>7. profound
>8. failed
>9. minority
>10. protest

#### Exercises-7
>1. post-production
>2. antifreeze
>3. prearranged
>4. antisocial
>5. postwar
>6. precooked
>7. postdated
>8. pre-school

#### Exercises-8
>1. H
>2. D
>3. F
>4. C
>5. B
>6. A
>7. E
>8. G

#### Exercises-9
>1. A.apathetic
>2. B.radicalism
>3. B.strike
>4. A.nostalgic about
>5. A.cynic
>6. A.generation
>7. A.income
>8. B.frustration

#### Exercises-10
>1. opportunity
.2. employment
>3. factor
>4. protest
>5. radical
>6. environmental
>7. alliances
>8. frustration

### 1-8 Structure

#### Exercises
>1.  Launching a general strike means bringing the country to a halt.
>2.  I realized that getting a good degree would mean making certain sacrifices.
>3.  In the sixties, attending a demonstration meant taking a risk that you would get hurt.
>4.  Staying up too late means feeling sleepy in class the next day.
>5.  Taking the gender theory course means not being able to take the course in post-colonialism.

### 1-9 Reading

#### Reading 1-1
>1. start uni
>2. the best bed
>3. was a mess
>4. books
>5. acknowledge them
>6. messy
>7. get on
>8. were shocked
>9. relieved

#### Reading 1-2
>1. E
>2. F
>3. B
>4. G
>5. A
>6. C
>7. I
>8. D
>9. H

#### Reading 2-1
>1. A
>2. C
>3. B
>4. C

#### Reading 2-2
>1. D
>2. A
>3. G
>4. C
>5. F
>6. B
>7. I
>8. H
>9. E

### 1-10 Integrated skills training

#### Exercises-1
>1.  There are a variety of reasons why a lecturer could be punished.
>2.  The University of Bologna, which dates from the 12th century, is Europe's oldest university.
>3.  In order to guarantee good teaching, the lecturer had to deposit a sum of money with a city banker at the beginning of each academic year.
>4.  A university lecturer's academic income depended on teaching fees collected from their students.
>5.  The decision over which material was to be taught that year was made by the students and the lecturers at the beginning of the academic year.

#### Exercises-2
>1. constant
>2. whatever
>3. with
>4. absolutely
>5. canteen
>6. quantities
>7. charity
>8. website
>9. remains
>10. usual

#### Exercises-3
>1.  The technological revolution of the past ten years belongs to young people today in a way that it can never belong to their parents.
>2.  The older generation, despite the fact that they use the Internet for their jobs, for research, and even for pleasure, will always feel that it is foreign to them in some sense.
>3.  The Internet is this generation's hunting ground, a place where this generation makes new friends, exchanges views and acquires information that would previously have meant a trip to the library.
>4.  The Internet allows us to chat to a stranger or talk to a friend on the other side of the world and see their faces on camera while we talk two thousand miles away.
>5.  Who knows where this amazing technology, which is still so new, will take us?

 
#### Exercises-4
>1. 这房间被飓风袭击过——还是被盗贼洗劫过？地板和床上——两张床上——都是衣服！这总该有个理由吧？在两张床上还有四个我所见过的最大号的行李箱，箱子里摆满了衣服（我注意到没有一本书）。
>2. 她正眉飞色舞地打着手机，听到我们进来，就随意地朝这个方向挥了挥手，甚至懒得抬头看我们一眼。我们都张大嘴，惊讶得倒吸了一口气。我们在那儿站了大概至少有一分钟，等着她跟我们打招呼。（Tips: 后一句按中文习惯要断句。）
>3. 兰尼跳了下去。30秒后当他（稳稳地！）落地时，兰尼不仅完成了他有生以来的第一次跳伞，还成功地为“拯救儿童基金会”筹集到了400英镑。该基金会是他所在的“大学碎布社”所赞助的慈善团体之一。（Tips: 前一句要注意语气，后一句该重复的地方要重复，以保证译文通顺。）
>4. 跳伞是学生在“碎布周”里参加的许多不寻常的活动之一，在那一周里全国的学生都在为慈善机构筹集资金。其他活动包括蹦极、双人三腿赛跑以及任何能吸引观众眼球、鼓励人们资助慈善机构的活动。

#### Exercises-5
>1.  College life is characterized by time spent in studying, attending classes, and socializing with peers. Students go to college because they hope that the knowledge, fulfilment, self-awareness, and broadening of horizons that come from a college experience will transform their life and the lives of those around them.
>2.  It is true that many students find reading English a real headache. Recently we have done research into the factors which help students decide what to read. In descending order these are: interest, vocabulary, topic, linguistic structure and the thoughts involved.
>3.  Their real energy is not spent on academic work, but on the Net. There they can make friends, play games, get information and forget all their troubles. Their parents expect them to study hard, but they do just the opposite. They play hard.
>4.  Many youngsters like to look cool. But what is cool? It's hard to define, and even harder to interpret it in Chinese. Probably it refers to being different or smart in dress, manner and ways of doing things. Maybe it is a kind of rebellious spirit that characterizes young people.

#### Exercises-6
>1. 常春藤的八所大学现在是因学术卓越而闻名，而起初是因为学生高超的体育运动技能而著称。这八所大学是：布朗大学，哥伦比亚大学，康奈尔大学，达特茅斯学院，哈佛大学，宾夕法尼亚大学，普林斯顿大学和耶鲁大学。尽管“常春藤”这一词汇自20世纪30年代就开始非正式地使用了，但实际上它的官方使用源于1954年成立的一个体育联盟。有趣的是，这一名称的起源现在仍不为人知。在关于起源的几个观点中，有一个是说“常春藤”（Ivy League）是“四联盟”（IV League）的讹用，“IV”在拉丁语中代表“四”（现在有八所大学的常春藤起初只有四所：哈佛、耶鲁、普林斯顿和达特茅斯）。但是，更可靠的说法是，这一词汇是一名体育记者在20世纪30年代发明的，该词用来指代大学中爬满了常春藤的墙壁。

#### Exercises-7
>1. College student societies in China are non-profit voluntary mass organizations. As leaders of extracurricular activities, they play an important role in the construction of campus culture. By attracting students across different years, different disciplines, and even different universities, these societies help members with similar interests to play to their strengths and organize activities that are good for their physical and mental health. Student societies can be organized in a variety of forms, such as the go club, photography club, drama club and football club.



