# Unit 2 Mixed feelings

## The integrated course

### 2-1 Active reading 1

#### Pre-reading activities-1


> 1.   First, I would be most concerned about protecting myself, as I couldn't help anyone else if I got injured.    I would be most concerned about protecting my family, as children and the elderly are vulnerable and need the support of young people.    For me, country comes first, because we need to ensure that our culture and traditions survive for future generations.
> 2.  I would feel very afraid for them, as war can be horrifying. I wouldn't want them to go.    I would be very proud that my son or daughter was fighting for our country. It's an honourable and brave thing to do.    I think I would have mixed feelings. On the one hand, I can't stop them going, but on the other, I wouldn't be able to stop thinking about them until they were safely back home.

#### Pre-reading activities-2

>1. As the title is "War", the passage will definitely concern conflict, fighting and death. The quotations seem to be from parents talking about their sons going to war, so presumably the passage will involve their fears for their sons' futures, and it might also be about how the families left at home also suffer during war. There are a couple of mentions of "country", so I think the theme of patriotism and the idea of dying for one's country will be present in the passage too.


#### Exercises-1

> 1. She was in deep mourning because her son was due to leave in three days' time and this made her very sad and anxious.
> 2. If one of the sons should die in the war, then there would still be one son left to comfort the parents.
> 3. The other person suggests that if an only son should die, the father can die too, perhaps by committing suicide.
> 4. The fat man suggests that parents should consider what their children want. If their sons wish to go to war, the parents should respect that decision.
> 5. She feels that no one's words comfort her, and that no one seems to share her feelings. She then feels that she is unable to comprehend the others' more noble feelings.
> 6. Yes, the man's son is really dead, as shown by his emotional breakdown.
> 7. His grief amazes everyone because he had been arguing that he was not mourning his son's death. He had claimed that he respected his son's decision to volunteer, and that he died for a worthy cause.
> 8. Until he revealed his grief, the fat man had been trying to hide his sadness behind patriotic ideals that he did not really believe in.

#### Exercises-2

> 1. excessive
> 2. weakened
> 3. moaned
> 4. uneasy
> 5. stunned

#### Exercises-3

> 1. hoist
> 2. console
> 3. distressed
> 4. ventured
> 5. retorted
> 6. snatch
> 7. distorted
> 8. sobbed

#### Exercises-4

> 1. B
> 2. A
> 3. A
> 4. B
> 5. B
> 6. A
> 7. A
> 8. B

### 2-2 Active reading 2

#### Pre-reading activities-1

> 1. B
> 2. A
> 3. B
> 4. A
> 5. B
> 6. A

#### Pre-reading activities-2

> 1.Answers may vary. The answers given above are just for you reference.  
> 2.Answers may vary. The answers given above are just for you reference.
> 3.Answers may vary. The answers given above are just for you reference.  
> 4.Answers may vary. The answers given above are just for you reference.
> 5.Answers may vary. The answers given above are just for you reference.  
> 6.Answers may vary. The answers given above are just for you reference.

#### Exercises-1

> 1.  Tears welled up in her own eyes and she crawled off to be comforted by her mother.
> 2.  He did it to comfort Paul.
> 3.  The babies' mothers observed and recorded these actions.
> 4.  They believe that humans begin to experience empathy virtually from the day they are born.
> 5.  The example of babies who imitate the distress of someone else.
> 6.  The word empathy was first used in English in the 1920s by E. B. Titchener.
> 7.  It is not appropriate because sympathy is felt for the general plight of another, with no sharing of what that other person is feeling; empathy means actually sharing or imagining another person's feelings.
> 8.  At around two and a half, children start to distinguish other people's feelings from their own.
> 9.  They can increase feelings of empathy in children by calling strong attention to the distress their misbehaviour caused someone else.

#### Exercises-2

> 1. distinct
> 2. Sensitivity
> 3. evokes
> 4. retrieve
> 5. confused
> 6. sympathetic
> 7. trace
> 8. disciplined

#### Exercises-3

> 1. D
> 2. A
> 3. B
> 4. C
> 5. patted
> 6. imitating
> 7. crawl
> 8. stroking

#### Exercises-4

> 1. A
> 2. A
> 3. A
> 4. B
> 5. A
> 6. B
> 7. A
> 8. B
> 9. B

### 2-3 Language in use

#### Grammar & structure-1

> 1. acceptance
> 2. endurance
> 3. vacancies
> 4. performance
> 5. tolerance
> 6. hesitance
> 7. assistance
> 8. pregnancy
> 9. reassurance

#### Grammar & structure-2

> 1. misunderstand
> 2. misplaced
> 3. Misfortune
> 4. misjudgment
> 5. misinformed

#### Collocations

> 1. considerable confusion
> 2. add to
> 3. confusion
> 4. angry response
> 5. evoked responses
> 6. distinct advantage
> 7. direct response
> 8. distinct impression
> 9. adds to
> 10. confusion

#### Translation-1

> 1. 目前这种形式的“抱抱团”运动是澳大利亚人胡安•曼恩发起的。2004年6月，他开始在悉尼市中心的皮特街购物中心给人送去拥抱。胡安要做的是伸出胳膊拥抱陌生人，点亮他们的人生。胡安以前住在伦敦，后来他的生活变得一团糟，不得不回家。等他乘飞机回到悉尼，他只剩下一个塞满衣服的手提行李包和一大堆的麻烦。于是，他找到一块硬纸板和一只马克笔，做了一个指示牌，在牌子的两面写上“免费拥抱”。他等了15分钟才有一个老太太走上前来，给了他一个拥抱。他的朋友，“病小狗”乐队的主唱希蒙•摩尔，给胡安和他的“抱抱团”成员拍了一段录像，使得“抱抱团”运动在全世界有了更大的知名度。如今，“抱抱团”运动日渐流行，它使我们生活的这个世界更加温暖。

#### Translation-2

> 1. Be not pleased by external gains, nor saddened by personal losses is a statement from the essay "Remarks of Yueyang Tower" by Fan Zhongyan, a writer of the Northern Song Dynasty. The statement means one should look at and accept things as they are, and remain unbothered by external matters or personal gains or losses. It is a mental outlook that reflects the traditional Taoist ideas of China, instructing people to become calm and detached. Even today, when we have a highly developed material civilization, keeping such a state of mind is still important. When you possess such a state of mind, you will be able to live a brighter and more joyous life.

### 2-4 Reading across cultures

#### Exercises-1

> 1. According to the survey, Russians don't show emotion often.
> 2. Danes smile more than Indians.
> 3. The writer is an Indian.
> 4. His daughter told him that he only smiled when foreigners came to the house.
> 5. He started to smile more.
> 6. Smiling was a learned behaviour.
> 7. Smiling makes him happy.
> 8. Because of the way the young man smiled.

#### Exercises-2

> 1. I believe so. Certain Chinese people smile a lot, others much less.
> 2. I hope China comes near the top of the list, but I am not sure if this is the case.
> 3. I smile a lot, because I would like to show my friendliness, since I meet new people every day in my work. I smile a lot, because I am happy. I don't smile as often as I should, because I am always busy with something.
> 4. It depends. If it is on campus, I would say it is pretty easy to make friends with a newcomer or a classmate or even someone from another department. It also seems easy to make friends while travelling on the train. Many times I have seen people sitting in the same compartments chatting, sharing food and drinks, helping each other and exchanging phone numbers.
> 5. I think so. However, this passage shows that the ways people express their emotions are not universal. On the contrary, they are very varied.
> 6. This is really hard to say. It seems, according to the survey, that Americans show the most emotion and Russians show the least. One of the possible explanations might be that people in different cultures feel some emotions more often than others. But this is speculation. I suppose it is more likely that people feel similar emotions, but in different cultures they learn to express them differently.

### 2-5 Guided writing

Writing skills

#### Writing task-1

> 1. A few days ago; by the time.
> 2. As he did so.
> 3. The next thing I knew; by the time I reached my destination.

#### Writing task-2

> 1. B
> 2. C
> 3. A

#### Writing task-3

> 1. A few days ago, while we were on holiday, I met a young boy who looked lost by the beach. I went over to him and decided to ask him if he was all right. At first he didn't say anything to me, but then he started to cry very miserably. I felt really sorry for him. So I knelt down to his height as if I were a friend of the same age. I said to him, "Don't cry. Tell me what happened to you and I am sure I can help you." He began to tell me that he was building his sandcastle, but the sea washed it away, so he looked up to ask his parents for help. But the next thing he knew was they had left the spot they were sitting. So he felt very scared. That was the moment I saw him. I told him that his parents might have just gone to buy some ice cream, since I could see an ice-cream van parked not far from the beach. He agreed to come with me to the ice-cream van to look for them. By the time we had walked halfway there, his parents suddenly appeared with some delicious ice cream. I had some too!

### 2-6 Unit test

> 01、parental
> 02、sympathetic
> 03、mimicry
> 04、crawl
> 05、empathy
> 06、misbehavior
> 07、consoling
> 08、distressed
> 09、disciplining
> 10、probable
> 11、sensitivity
> 12、arouse
> 13、stroked
> 14、hasty
> 15、devote
> 16、keenly
> 17、ventured
> 18、infant
> 19、imitate
> 20、evoked
> 21、of
> 22、to
> 23、down
> 24、of
> 25、from
> 26、away
> 27、away
> 28、as
> 29、in
> 30、in
> 31、C
> 32、L
> 33、N
> 34、O
> 35、G
> 36、F
> 37、A
> 38、I
> 39、D
> 40、E
> 41、Animals are incapable of feeling emotions.
> 42、argumentative
> 43、Emotions are Universal
> 44、Eyes that are full of emotion.
> 45、Personal opinion.



## Further practice

### 2-7 Vocabulary

#### Exercises-1

> 1. distressing
> 2. Infancy
> 3. imitation
> 4. observative
> 5. sensitivity
> 6. distinctly
> 7. explosion
> 8. excessive
> 9. misbehavior

#### Exercises-2

> 1. adoration, affection, bliss, calmness, compassion, contentment, delight, warmth
> 2. annoyance, anxiety, distress, embarrassment, frustration, grief, jealousy, misery, rage, terror

#### Exercises-3

> 1. embarrassment
> 2. jealousy
> 3. anxiety
> 4. contentment
> 5. compassion
> 6. rage
> 7. delight
> 8. annoyance
> 9. warmth
> 10. adoration

#### Exercises-4

> 1. A.duty
> 2. A.incident
> 3. B.sensible
> 4. A.attention
> 5. B.patted
> 6. A.knelt
> 7. A.sympathy
> 8. B.comprehend
> 9. A.panting
> 10. B.roots

#### Exercises-5

> 1. pull up
> 2. taken away
> 3. calm down
> 4. pulled away
> 5. rise to
> 6. bending over
> 7. dreaming of

#### Exercises-6

> 1. distinct
> 2. developmental
> 3. infancy
> 4. sympathetic
> 5. disturbed
> 6. imitate
> 7. mimicry
> 8. discipline

#### Exercises-7

> 1. fully understood
> 2. evoked memories
> 3. typical reaction
> 4. react to the situation
> 5. impose discipline
> 6. evoke
> 7. response
> 8. avoid confusion
> 9. distinct impression

### 2-8 Structure

#### Exercises-1

> 1.  By the time I was made redundant, I had become quite depressed, fearing that I would be unable to find another job.
> 2.  By the time you leave college, you will have acquired a great deal of knowledge about a great many things.
> 3.  By the time they reach their late twenties, many people have found a partner who they feel they could spend their life with.
> 4.  By the time you go on holiday, you have already spent quite a lot of money on things like travel and accommodation.
> 5.  By the time the ambulance arrived, the pregnant woman had collapsed and was unconscious.
> 6.  By the time Maria finished her explanation, I had begun to feel quite sympathetic towards her.

#### Exercises-2

> 1. as if / as though she had received the award
> 2. as if / as though she had been told something astonishing
> 3. as if / as though his favourite toy had been taken away
> 4. as if / as though she was responsible for misinforming everyone
> 5. as if / as though he had done it many times before
> 6. as if / as though she had caused the accident

### 2-9 Reading

#### Reading 1-1

> 1. C
> 2. C
> 3. B
> 4. A
> 5. A

#### Reading 1-2

> 1. B
> 2. B
> 3. A
> 4. B
> 5. A
> 6. A
> 7. B
> 8. A
> 9. A
> 10. A

#### Reading 2-1

> 1. A
> 2. A
> 3. B
> 4. A
> 5. B
> 6. A
> 7. A
> 8. B

#### Reading 2-2

> 1. E
> 2. H
> 3. C
> 4. I
> 5. A
> 6. B
> 7. G
> 8. D
> 9. F

### 2-10 Integrated skills training

 #### Exercises-1

> 1.  Having at last taken a seat he politely thanked the other passengers.
> 2.  They received a wire saying that he was due to leave in three days' time.
> 3.  He tried to answer but words failed him.
> 4.  Suddenly he realized that his son was really dead.

#### Exercises-2

> 1.  My brother's jealousy of the new baby caused him to misbehave terribly for months.
> 2.  On receiving a wire from their son, they immediately took a train to bid him farewell.
> 3.  The way children develop a repertoire of empathic responses is to imitate what they see.
> 4.  She adored him and told him that wherever he went, she would go with him.
> 5.  What amazed everyone was the man’s sudden uncontrollable outburst.
> 6.  One of the things that very young children imitate is the distress of someone else.

####  Exercises-3

> 1.  你眨眼的次数会告诉别人你是否紧张或隐瞒了什么。美国的研究人员计算了总统候选人在电视辩论时眨眼的次数，发现自1982年以来，无论是辩论还是总统选举，眨眼最多的候选人总是输。（Tips: 后一句按中文习惯断句，两个every也应灵活翻译。）
> 2.  尽管看着你的人并不是有意识地注意到你的瞳孔放大了，但放大的瞳孔会让他们认为你喜欢他们。鲜为人知的事实是，瞳孔放大时，虹膜（眼睛彩色的部分）形成了微小的凹陷和线条。
> 3.  但我们必须小心，因为大不列颠是由四个部分组成的：英格兰、苏格兰、威尔士和北爱尔兰。当人们说英国人不流露感情的时候，他们通常是指英格兰人。后者以或曾经以“上嘴唇硬挺”而著称，也就是说不论多么痛苦，不论情况多么糟，他们的“嘴唇”从不颤抖。
> 4.  戴安娜以献身于慈善事业及易于流露情感而著称，人们热爱她正是因为她有自然表露情感的习惯。在她伦敦的寓所外花束堆到几米高，民众以各种方式表达他们内心巨大的悲痛。（Tips: 第一句for后面的结构较复杂，应按中文习惯加以处理，该重复的地方就重复；第二句的deep译成中文时词义有所引申。）

####  Exercises-4

> 1.  They do not like the teacher and the way he disciplines them. After two months' observation, it turns out that the teacher's only interest is to call their attention to the mistakes they have made rather than help them retrieve their confidence in study.
> 2.  That piece of writing in his blog was meant to evoke public sympathy for his friend who had taken her own life when finding that her husband was unfaithful. But to his surprise, his writing had brought an immediate human search on the Net and a disturbance in a certain community.
> 3.  I had been imitating his movements for a long time, though I did not quite understand why he was doing them. By the time I had transformed these movements into reflexes, I was better able to comprehend their practical applications.
> 4.  On hearing the news, the woman collapsed on the seat. She buried her head under the coat, crying hard. The traveler, who is himself in great distress, turned to his wife. He took her into his arms, trying to console her.

####  Exercises-5

> 1. 与爱的人重逢相聚时，我们会大哭；听到好消息时，我们会尖叫；看到可爱的婴儿，我们会掐他们的脸蛋。这样的反应看似奇怪。但是耶鲁大学的奥丽安娜・阿拉贡及其同事的一项最新研究结果表明，我们这样做是为了让自己平静下来，以便更好地应对局面。阿拉贡发现，当被调查者说他们要逗婴儿玩的时候，他们能更快地平静下来——与那些不想逗婴儿玩的被调查者相比，几分钟后，他们的情绪更加稳定。这些负面的表达有助于调节势不可挡的正面情绪。我们想要调节正面情绪是因为“过度正面”的感觉会妨碍决策，导致人们忽略周遭的威胁，冲动行事。所以，如果一个父亲一看见他可爱的女儿就喜不自禁，感觉必须得咬一下她的脚趾头才行，那么这种反应对他们两人来说都是有益的。

####  Exercises-6

> 1. According to scientific research, a child especially needs parental love when it is one to three years old, which will have a long-lasting influence on the development of its character. The period of time before a child is three is the "orientation time" of a child's character, during which a child's character may develop in two directions: One is forming a trustful and reliable relationship with the environment and the surrounding people, the other the contrary. For the former, the child will develop a character of affinity with leadership traits. Therefore, if you wish your child to have a bright future, you'd better create a good environment so that he can develop an optimistic and cheerful disposition.

