# Unit 4 Crime watch



## The integrated course



## 4-1 Active  reading 1

### Pre- reading activities-1    
>01、Well, I once made an agreement with two friends to meet up after a year. We are from the same area but were going to different schools. Not really, but I have bumped into some old school friends by accident. It was a big surprise!
>02、They seemed just the same! Of course, their appearances had changed slightly, but their personalities were the same. After a few minutes together, it was as if we had never been apart. One of my friends had always been very loud and talkative, but after a year she was much quieter. I suppose she had grown up a little. She had also changed her fashion style from being messy to being neat and stylish.
>03、I hope that I'll be taller and slimmer than I am now! But seriously, I think I will be more relaxed and confident after 20 years. I can be quite anxious, and I think that many years of work and peaceful family life will change that. My dream is to travel a lot, so I hope that I'll be a more cultured and understanding person. I'd like to be a professional and have a good career, so I should be able to afford nice clothes. I'd like to impress my old friend.



### Pre- reading activities-2
>01、It looks like two men are going to meet up after 20 years apart. Perhaps the other man won't come. That wouldn't be a very exciting story. They're certainly going to have a lot to discuss after so many years. The man probably wouldn't have mentioned whether he made his fortune in the west. But I wonder what the policeman is doing there
>02、It seems that the other man does turn up. I suppose it's possible that his appearance has changed after so many years. He could have gained weight, lost his hair and changed his style of clothes.


### Exercises-1
>01、A
>02、B
>03、C
>04、C
>05、D



### Exercises-2

>01、submerged
>02、destiny
>03、glared
>04、wits
>05、gazed
>06、habitual



### Exercises-3
>01、exclaimed
>02、intricate
>03、propositions
>04、vicinity
>05、hustle
>06、sensible



### Exercises-4
>01、A
>02、B
>03、C
>04、C
>05、D



## 4-2 Active  reading 2

### Pre- reading activities-1
>01、Various official documents, especially the ones with photographs on them (identity cards, passports, birth certificates and so >on).
>02、For security, for example, when you enter buildings and airports; to prevent dishonest acts such as when taking examinations or doing banking.
>03、Most of us are aware there is a risk, but do not do anything very active about it.
>04、Yes, if it's really necessary. My friends say I'm good at acting and I know I can be rather cool. No, I don't think I have a gift for acting.
>05、Many people and organizations are trusting, busy and lax, so fake diplomas are often accepted. 

### Pre- reading activities-2

>01、He pretended to be various professionals (a pilot, a doctor, a lawy>er).
>02、He was young (still in high scho>ol) when he did so.
>03、As we know his story, he was obviously found out, and we might speculate that he was sent to prison.

### Exercises-1
>01、C
>02、D
>03、A
>04、B
>05、C
### Exercises-2
>01、precaution
>02、fraud
>03、trash
>04、cancel
>05、deceived
>06、Household
### Exercises-3
>01、log off
>02、commonplace
>03、forge
>04、anonymous
>05、fictional
### Exercises-4
>01、B
>02、B
>03、A
>04、A
>05、A
>06、A
>07、A


## 4-3 Language in use

### Grammar & structure-1
>01、I make a lot of mistakes
>02、I waste a lot of time chatting to people about nothing
>03、I always start it too late
>04、I spend too much time on the phone instead of talking to them
>05、I am useless in class the next day
>06、I spend far too much money
### Grammar & structure-2
>01、B

### Collocations
>01、B
>02、B
>03、A
>04、B
>05、A
>06、B
>07、B
>08、A
>09、B
>10、B

### Translation-1
>01、近年来涌现了许多重大技术发明，其中包括互>联网、个人电脑系统及掌上设备。互联网技术不断发展，给我们的日常生活带来了诸多便利。然而，虽然高科技的发展带来了种种好处，它也带来了有待解决的新问题，其中一个就是网络犯罪。网络犯罪已成为普通民众及专家日益关注的问题。专家们提出了各种方法来预防针对>个人、>家庭、企业及政府机关的网络犯罪。在预防针对个人的网络犯罪方面，我们必须尽量减少在网上发布个人信息以自我保护。我们应避免向陌生的在线机构和个人提供个人信息。要格外提防那些要求在电脑上进行安装的网站或邮箱附件，这一点也十分重要


### Translation-2
>01、In the middle and late 20th century, the rapid development of science and technology witnessed the birth of high technology, represented by the Internet. But at the same time various high-tech crimes, as represented by cybercrime, also arose, constituting a potential threat to the healthy development of society. How to prevent and reduce high-tech crimes has become a common concern. China is facing a similar situation. To avoid or reduce losses caused by high-tech crimes, we should keep alert in our daily lives, so as not to be deceived.


## 4-4  Reading across cultures

### Exercises-1
>01、It is simple.
>02、People are obtaining music for free, so the companies are not receiving revenue from sales.
>03、They think it is a way of sp reading their music and getting it better known. People will then be willing to buy it.
>04、It may protect their sales, but it has also upset a lot of consumers, and this may in turn make them unpopular with the public.
>05、They see no problem with it.
>06、In some ways probably; in others probably not. It is unclear what the effect is overall.
>07、There are so many people taking part in file-sharing.
### Exercises-2
>01、It is simple.
>02、People are obtaining music for free, so the companies are not receiving revenue from sales.
>03、They think it is a way of sp reading their music and getting it better known. People will then be willing to buy it.
>04、It may protect their sales, but it has also upset a lot of consumers, and this may in turn make them unpopular with the public.
>05、They see no problem with it.
>06、In some ways probably; in others probably not. It is unclear what the effect is overall.
>07、There are so many people taking part in file-sharing.
## 4-5 Guided writing

### Writing task-1
>01、A
>02、B
>03、A
>04、B
>05、A
>06、B


### Writing task-2
>01、It's true that downloading essays from the Internet instead of writing your own saves a great deal of time and effort, which you can then spend on other activities. Significantly, you would not be alone in doing this as lots of people use downloaded essays.  Reading a few essays to choose one does not take long and can give you an idea of the topic, and you know the essays are good, otherwise they would not be on the Internet. It is important to say that doing this, however, does not help you understand the subject properly. It is also dishonest and unfair to other students who actually do their work. You may also be caught by your teacher and find yourself in big trouble. Clearly, then, it is best to be organized, do your own research and write your own essays.


## 4-6 Unit test

### 选词填空-填单词10题

>1) anonymous      
>2) vicinity      
>3) deception      
>4) custody      
>5) destiny      
>6) exclaimed      
>7) staunchest      
>8) blessing      
>9) commonplace      
>10) wits   

### 单词填空10题

>11) C. overnight  
>12) B.  extract
>13) A.  impersonate 
>14) C.  terrorist
>15) B.  moderately
>16) A.  offensive 
>17) B.  household 
>18) D.  automatically 
>19) B.  watchful 
>20) D.  precaution 

### 单词填空10题

>21) in  
>22) in  
>23) on  
>24) on  
>25) of  
>26) about  
>27) off    
>28) if  
>29) against  
>30) let alone 

### 选词填空（15选10）10题

>31) scary      
>32) obviously      
>33) forge      
>34) unauthorized      
>35) fraud      
>36) undoubted      
>37) ethical      
>38) widely      
>39) mindset      
>40) globally   

### 仔细阅读5题
>41) C.  Blue-Collar Crime Versus White-Collar Crime: An Explanation.
>42) B.  All crime is equally bad for the victims.
>43) A.  blue-collar crime is heavily covered by the news media
>44) A.  Paragraph 2.
>45) D.  Forgery.   


## Further practice

## 4-7 Vocabulary

### Exercises-1
>01、consult
>02、consultation
>03、consultative
>04、deception
>05、deceptive
>06、forge
>07、declaration
>08、declared
>09、cancellation
>10、authorization
>11、authoritative
>12、identifier
>13、identifiable
>14、investor

### Exercises-2

>01、identification
>02、cancellations
>03、invested in
>04、deceptive
>05、a declaration
>06、authorized
>07、forgery
>08、consultant

### Exercises-3

>01、A
>02、A
>03、A
>04、A
>05、A
>06、A
>07、B
>08、A

### Exercises-4

>01、unfortunate
>02、illegal
>03、untraditional
>04、unsteady
>05、insignificant
>06、unrecognizable
>07、unidentifiable
>08、irregular
>09、unacceptable
>10、unlighted

### Exercises-5

>01、burgle, check fraud, criminal record, hack, mug, perpetrator, prosecute, sue, theft, victim
>02、check fraud, credit card, multi-millionaire, online banking, pocketbook, sue
>03、download, file-sharing, hack, log on / off, online banking

### Exercises-6

>01、victim
>02、mugged
>03、pocketbook
>04、mugging
>05、logged on
>06、check fraud
>07、perpetrator
>08、criminal record
>09、prosecuted

### Exercises-7

>01、make it big
>02、regular guy
>03、make a living
>04、knows his stuff
>05、entirely false
>06、on a regular basis
>07、bad publicity
>08、false identity
>09、feel bad

### Exercises-8

>01、false
>02、bad
>03、stuff
>04、entirely
>05、mentions
>06、regular
>07、bad


## 4-8 Structure

### Exercises-1

>01、There is no escaping the fact that file-sharing has become increasingly common among teenagers.
>02、There is no escaping the fact that information about individuals is easier to obtain now than ever before.
>03、There is no escaping the fact that most people have no desire whatsoever to commit crime.
>04、There is no escaping the fact that credit cards make it easy to purchase things without leaving home.
>05、There is no escaping the fact that offensive weapons such as knives are widely obtainable in some countries.
>06、There is no escaping the fact that social networking sites such as Facebook provide great opportunities for fraudsters.

### Exercises-2
>01、After a terrific holiday, we returned home to find that we had had our house burgled.
>02、My old computer has broken down, so I'm going to have all the files on it copied and put on my new computer by the computer engineer.
>03、The papers reported that the multi-millionaire John Murdoch had his arm broken when thieves attempted to make him reveal where he kept his money.
>04、They had their new home redesigned by hiring a famous interior design company.
>05、The bank told me they would have my online bank account details changed.
>06、The consultancy director had all the documents relating to the meeting shredded by his secretary.


## 4-9 Reading

### Reading 1-1

>01、B
>02、A
>03、B
>04、B
>05、B
>06、B
>07、A
>08、A

 ### Reading 1-2

>01、B
>02、A
>03、A
>04、A
>05、A
>06、B
>07、A
>08、A
>09、B
>10、B

 ### Reading 2-1
>01、B
>02、D
>03、C
>04、B

 ### Reading 2-2
>01、F
>02、E
>03、I
>04、B
>05、H
>06、C
>07、D
>08、A
>09、G

## 4-10 Integrated skills training

### Exercises-1

>01、C
>02、A
>03、A
>04、B
>05、A
>06、C
>07、D
>08、A
>09、C
>10、B
>11、D
>12、A


### Exercises-2

>01、In other words
>02、Certainly
>03、it is true that
>04、However
>05、While
>06、On the other hand
>07、then
>08、The fact is
>09、This being the case
>10、Therefore


### Exercises-3

>01、这起枪击案尽管令人毛骨悚然，但跟弗吉尼亚理工大学的屠杀相比，其严重程度还是相形见绌。众所周知，2007年4月16日发生在弗吉尼亚理工大学的枪击案造成32人死亡，多人受伤。
>02、他们为什么会对自己的同学实施暴行，这一问题不可避免地引发了激烈的争论。这些作案者惊人地相似他们屡遭欺凌，他们想加入一些社交团队，却被排挤在外。他们作案前表现得异常愤怒，并被视为有心理问题。
>03、凯文生来就是个无>聊的、不快乐的孩子，很小的时候就很恶毒。可是当伊娃看到这一点并对此感到担忧的时候，富兰克林却对儿子的行为视而不见，因为他希望他的家庭和美国其他正常的家庭一样。
>04、她对儿子的态度无疑是有害的，但小说结尾处可怕的命运转折清楚地表明富兰克林对儿子的错误行为视而不见也是同样有害的，而凯文与母亲的关系远比与父亲的关系更>深情、更诚实。

### Exercises-4

>01、As they put all the mail on the table at the entrance of the building for pickup, some letters got stolen. It is all too easy to take away a letter that does not belong to you. By  reading the letters, you may find some useful information about a person's private life.
>02、Thieves just count on your carelessness to make their jobs easier. You will probably regret it if you leave your office without locking the door or taking your pocketbook with you. You may even be removed from your position for your negligence.
>03、The climbers stood on top of the mountain, gazing at the splendid view. Under the darkened sky a full moon was rising from the sea. They danced by the light of the moon, totally submerged in the unexpected joy.
>04、He takes this less-traveled road every day not because it is short or easy, but because it is a habitual thing to do. Although the public security of this vicinity is not bad, he often keeps a watchful eye on the surroundings to ensure safety.

### Exercises-5

>01、安珀报警1996年起源于美国，是一个儿童绑架警报系统。该系统是根据安珀・海格曼的名字命名的， 当年，这个九岁的小女孩在德克萨斯州的阿灵顿市被绑架并杀害了。这个词也是反向缩略语，代表了美国失踪人口：广播应急回应。安珀报警是通过商业广播>电台、网络>电台、卫星>电台、电视台和有线电视来传播的。安珀报警还与>谷歌、必应和脸谱等大型网络公司合作，把与儿童绑架相关的信息传递给日益增长的客户群。安珀报警系统的目的是立即刺激整个社会行动起来，协助搜寻并把孩子安全解救回家。自2013年1月1日起，安珀报警已通过无线应急报警 （WEA） 项目传送给成百上千万的手机用户。

### Exercises-6

>01、China always attaches great importance to international cooperation in combating terrorism, with a particular focus on cooperation with neighbouring countries in South Asia, Central Asia and South-East Asia. Up to now, China has established anti-terrorism cooperation mechanisms with more than a dozen countries, making important contributions to the international anti-terrorism campaign by sharing anti-terrorism intelligence, blocking terrorists' sources of finance and their flow across the borders. China also makes efforts to strengthen the general public's awareness of anti-terrorism and educate people in communities and schools on terrorism in order to enhance their vigilance with regard to terrorist activities.
